README.md, before:

# Environmental performance of blue foods (Gephart et al. 2021)

## Code for Bayesian analysis:
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1TGgfOkls8I9KKuGQRF-Nru-flpd_i5gK"><img src="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1TGgfOkls8I9KKuGQRF-Nru-flpd_i5gK" style="width: 650px; max-width: 100%; height: auto" title="Click to enlarge picture" />

## Code for non-Bayesian analyses:

Figure 3. GHG emissions compared to marine mammal risk.  
* placeholder for .R file
------
Figure 4. Aquaculture stressor invtervention opportunities (using mass allocation)  
Figure S12. Additional aquaculture scenario results  
Figure S13. Capture fishery scenario results  
1. scenario_feed_fps.R
2. lever_analysis.R
------
Figure S2. Representativeness of observation by taxa group  
Figure S3. Geographic representativeness of data  
* characterize_data_for_si.R
------
Figure SX. Radar plots for aquaculture taxa
* plot_bayes_as_spider.R
------
Figure S4. Stressor estimates by feed-associated versus on-farm component  
Figure S5. Stressor estimate distributions by taxa  
Figure S6. Stressor estimate distributions by production system  
Figure S7. Stressor estiamte distributions by intensity  
* stressor_summaries.R
------
Figure S11. On- and off-farm poultry stressor estimates
* poultry_stressors.R
------
Figure S14. Lever and scenario analysis from Fig 4 (using economic allocation)  
Figure S15. Additional aquaculture scenario results
1. scenario_feed_fps_economic.R
2. lever_analysis_economic.R

## Data Documentation

All data is archived in: (link to Zenodo)  
Filename_1 DOI  
Filename_2 DOI  

### List of aggregated studies
* Henriksson in Indonesia
* Henriksson et al. unpublished
* Zhang & Newton unpublished

Commit message:

add place-holder for data constants

README.md, after:

# Environmental performance of blue foods (Gephart et al. 2021)

## Code for Bayesian analysis:
<a href="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1TGgfOkls8I9KKuGQRF-Nru-flpd_i5gK"><img src="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1TGgfOkls8I9KKuGQRF-Nru-flpd_i5gK" style="width: 650px; max-width: 100%; height: auto" title="Click to enlarge picture" />

## Code for non-Bayesian analyses:

Figure 3. GHG emissions compared to marine mammal risk.  
* marine_mammal_risk.R
------
Figure 4. Aquaculture stressor invtervention opportunities (using mass allocation)  
Figure S12. Additional aquaculture scenario results  
Figure S13. Capture fishery scenario results  
1. scenario_feed_fps.R
2. lever_analysis.R
------
Figure S2. Representativeness of observation by taxa group  
Figure S3. Geographic representativeness of data  
* characterize_data_for_si.R
------
Figure SX. Radar plots for aquaculture taxa
* plot_bayes_as_spider.R
------
Figure S4. Stressor estimates by feed-associated versus on-farm component  
Figure S5. Stressor estimate distributions by taxa  
Figure S6. Stressor estimate distributions by production system  
Figure S7. Stressor estiamte distributions by intensity  
* stressor_summaries.R
------
Figure S11. On- and off-farm poultry stressor estimates
* poultry_stressors.R
------
Figure S14. Lever and scenario analysis from Fig 4 (using economic allocation)  
Figure S15. Additional aquaculture scenario results
1. scenario_feed_fps_economic.R
2. lever_analysis_economic.R

## Code for generating data constants (used in both Bayesian and non-Bayesian analyses):
* clean_fish_NP.R

## Data Documentation

All data is archived in: (link to Zenodo)  
Filename_1 DOI  
Filename_2 DOI  

### List of aggregated studies
* Henriksson in Indonesia
* Henriksson et al. unpublished
* Zhang & Newton unpublished
